java c
BML302-Assessment   2 
Introduction Regis   cakes   is   a   newly   listed   UK   company   with   a   strong   in-house   team   and   world   leading    suppliers    of   raw    materials.    Current    turnover    is    £10m    per    annum    with    an   annual    post-tax    profit    margin    of    7%.    Unfortunately,    these    figures      are    below      the company's   original   expectations.   The   company's   executives   believe   that   the   company   can   improve   its   margins.   Increasing   its   turnover   by   50%   over   the   next   six   years   and   increasing   margins by   2% per   annum.   Early research has   shown that   for   Regis   Cakes   to   grow   it   needs   to   manage   its   customer   interface   more   effectively.   However,   the   company's    internal    it/is      system      was      inadequate      and      flawed.      Re-engineering      was   needed   to   facilitate   this   expansion.   This   essay   will   outline   the   information   strategy   which   is   to   support   the   company's   business   strategy   to   achieve   the   company's   goals.   This   includes   the   required   it   infrastructure   and   is   organization.   Also   outlines   the   key   activities required to implement the strategy.
Alignment with business strategy  
The operational objectives and key targets focus on improving   the   financial position   of   the company's operations.   Success factors centered on increasing   orders   and
reducing costs. Currently the business does not appear to have   a more   sophisticated
inventory tracking system and order management system, there is no   accurate   analysis
of   pending customer orders, and cake stock, reducing operational   efficiency   so there   is no timeliness between production and sales. IT can help   achieve these   goals
through lowering costs, returning time to the designers, increasing the   business
capacity and increasing visibility. I believe IT can add the most value by   increasing   capacity utilization via an ERP/MRP system. (Ignatio Madanhirea, 2016).
The erp/mr system can utilize historical sales data, market trends   and   seasonal   factors   to forecast future demand for Regis cake products. This helps   Regis   Cakes   to
accurately plan production schedules and reduce inventory backlogs or stock-outs.
Based on the demand forecast, the erp/mrp system   can   create   detailed production
plans, use advanced demand forecasting algorithms to improve the accuracy   of   the
forecasts, and update the demand forecasts on a regular basis. the   erp/mrp   system
tracks   inventory   levels   in   realtime   to   ensure   that   materials   are   available   in   a   timely
manner to avoid production interruptions. The system optimizes   supplier management   and evaluates supplier performance to select the most suitable   suppliers.
Analysis of current IS environment The   business   currently   has   decentralized   it   systems   running   financials   and   customer   relationship management, with   just two it strengths   identified in   the   swot   analysis,   the CAD suite and the   SAGE   system.
The current information systems environment is analyzed   and   it has   five   main   opportunities to support the current objectives of   the Regis   cake business.
l E-commerce growth: Expand your e-commerce business with a powerful   online   sales platform. Regis cakes can expand its business and   increase   its   sales
channels by displaying and describing its products on   e-commerce platforms to   attract more customers.
l Order management optimization: Regis cakes   can   analyses   the   link between the   customer and the product by upgrading and optimizing the order management            system and improving the efficiency of   order processing, thus enhancing the
customer's consumer experience.
l Production and inventory optimization: Regis   cakes   optimizes production
planning   and   inventory   management   through   the   use   of   information   technology to ensure   just-in-time supply and avoid   overcapacity.
l Online marketing and   social media: Regis   cakes   has   strengthened   its   online
marketing strategy to increase its market share by promoting its brand   and
products through social media. Regis cakes can be marketed through content
marketing e.g., creation of   engaging blog posts, recipes, videos on baking
techniques etc. Thus   to attract consumers. Use   social platforms   such   as   tiktok   or   Instagram for paid advertising. tiktok and Instagram are two of   the   largest   social   platforms   in   the   world   and   are   used   by   a   much   higher   number   of   people   than
other platforms, with a rich consumer base. regis cakes can showcase visually   appealing products or production techniques on the platforms. regis cakes can   also co-organize online events by partnering with video bloggers or web personalities.
l Training and development of   it   skills: Regis   cake   invests   in   internal   staff   training
to improve their it skills in order to be better prepared   for   future technological   challenges.
l Customer data analytics:   Regis   cakes uses   customer   data   analytics to better
understand consumer buying power behaviors and preferences. With data from its   CRM system, Regis cakes can analyze open   customer   data to   identify   consumer            preferences and purchasing power behaviors, which in turn provides beneficial
information for targeted marketing strategies and personalized customer   experiences.
l Enhanced customer relationship management: Strengthening   customer
relationships through advanced CRM functionality,   Regis cakes maximizes   the
potential of   its existing CRM system, which can   increase customer   engagement
and enhance service delivery. Regis cakes is   a   cake   company   that   can   increase   the   company's consumer retention and consumer self-worth by implementing   a
loyalty program.
Strategic statement of intent for IS According    to    the    analyses,    Regis    cakes'    current    it    situation      does      not      support    the   proposed   business   strategy.   Its   systems   and   infrastructure   are   not   fit   for   purpose.   We   must make improvements.  
The strategy aims to capitalise on the key opportunities   offered by Regis   cakes   to   improve its business. Implementing this scalable   strategy may   also protect the
business from buying competitors. There are   some changes Regis   cakes   should   make   to better ensure viability.
Create a dedicated IT team Currently   all   it   support   for   Regis   cakes   except   sage   is   provided   by   the   design   team,   which   is   not   feasible   in   an   organisation   and   is   costly.   a   cost-effective   solution   for   Regis   cakes   is   to   bring   in   dedicated   it   staff to   form   a   professional   it   team.   The   team   will      be      responsible      for      managing      all      it      hardware,      software      and      infrastructure.   Technology    integration,    the    it    team    is    responsible    for    the    integration    of    different   systems   and   technologies   to   ensure   that   they   can   work   together   to   improve   overall   efficiency.
Improve website to allow order tracking  amendment Regis    cakes    can    enhance    customer    experience      and      satisfaction    by      improving      the   functionality   of   their website to   allow   customers to   make   order tracking   and   changes.   The   order   tracking   feature   allows   customers   to   know   the   status   of their   order   in   real
time, with   a   clear   view   of   every   step   of   the   process,   starting   from   the   order   placementto    the    shipment    and    delivery.    Integrate      a    backend      system      that      can      automatically      update the   status of   an order, e.g., processing,   shipped, pending   receipt,   etc.   In   case   of      changes   in   the   order,   the   consumer   needs   to be   informed via   email,   SMS, phone   call.      Since   Regis   cakes   is   a   cake   company,   consumers   will   have   more   requirements   for      orders. For delivery orders, the integrated   map   tracking   feature   allows   the   customer   to      view   the   exact   location   of the   product   and   the   estimated   delivery   time.   In   order   to      make   it   more   convenient   for   consumers   to   make   changes   after   the   order   is   submitted      Regis   cakes   can   add   the   order   modification   function   on   the   website   through   the   it      technology   department.   Set   a   window   of time   to   allow   modification   of orders   within      five    minutes    after    the    order      is      submitted.    Add      options      for      modifications      on      the      customer   account page,   such   as   address,   delivery   time, products   added   or   subtracted,      etc. regis   cakes has to   optimize the   user page   to   ensure   that   these   features   are   easy   to      use   and   access to   enhance   the user   experience.   Provide multi-channel   service   support      to   customers to help them resolve   issues   that   arise   with   their orders. Regis cakes   has      an    online    customer    feature    on    its    website      or      in      its      physical stores. Consumers,      whether they are buying online   or offline in   its physical   stores,   ensures   that   consumers      can   communicate   with   customer   service   in   real   time   to   resolve   issues   related   to   their      orders. This will bring many benefits to the business. Increased consumer satisfaction. Implement integrated ERP systemAs    highlighted    in    the    process    map    there    are    a    number    of    areas    which    could    be improved      with      IT/IS      involvement.      Functions      are      operating      semi      autonomously,   passing   information   to   each   other   only   in   the   form   of the   physical   order   documents
and   are   operating   at   an   Industry   2.0   standard.   By   implementing   an   integrated   ERMsystem   featuring   MRP   2,   CRM,   Finance   and   SRM   functions,   the   business   can   begin   to   work   at   an   Industry   3.0   standard   while   laying   the   groundwork   for   Industry   4.0.   (Drath  Horch, 2014)
Discussion of key components required 
Applications According   to   the   analysis   above,   the   current   it   infrastructure   and   internal   knowledge   can   work properly   in business   operations.   the   core   of the   solution proposed by   Regis   cakes   is   the   ERP   system,   which   has   several   offerings   that   can   help   Regis   cakes   to   streamline and automate processes.
MRP2 Manufacturing   resource planning   (MRP II)   is   the process   of creating   an   MRP   system   that    allows    manufacturers    to    account    for    the    raw      materials    and    human    resources   needed   for   their   manufacturing process.   MRP II   touches   on   operational   and   financial   planning but   also   explores   contingency planning   that   creates   additional paths   forward   when issues arise(Ryan B   2021)
The   system   should   analyse   upcoming   orders,   work   out   how   much   material   it   will   require to complete the   orders
and   when   it   will   require   it,   and   raise   purchase   orders   for   said   materials   so   that   they
arrive   just   before   they   are
needed.   As   it   currently   operates   a   Just   in   Case   (JIC)   model   the   business   has   issueswith   over-stocking   on materials to   avoid   shortages   as they   currently have   no   real   way   of telling   when   their   stock   levels   are   low.   Excess   stock   ca   cause   issues   such   as   high   obsolescence cost, cash   flow,   etc.
CRM CRM   (Customer   Relationship   Management   System)   is   an   important   digital   tool   for   CRM   strategy,   which   uses   hardware,   software,   and   related   network   technologies   to   create   an   information   system   that   integrates   customer   information   management,   data   analysis, and automated workflows. Regis   cakes uses   the   CRM   system   to   gain   a   fuller   understanding   of its   customers,   so   it   can   deliver   a   personalized   customer   experience   and   resolve   issues   quickly.   Many   organizations   have   their   own   CRM   systems,   but   because   many   of   them   don't   use   them   correctly,   they   don't   get   good   results.   Regis   cakes has implemented a   system that   allows   it to   manage   customer relationships   more   effectively,   improve   sales   and   service   levels,   and   achieve   higher   levels   of   customer   satisfaction.
SCM/SRM 
distribution, warehousing and control) being unlinked and in depended of   one   another,   only communicating whenrequired. In stage 2, the aforementioned functions   are   integrated under   a   single   system.
Stage   3   is   an   extension   of   stage   2   featuring   vertical   integration   with   suppliers   and
customers. (Pennsylvania State University, 2008).
SCM (Supply Chain Management) and SRM   (Supplier Relationship   Management)   are   both   key   business   strategies   in   Regis   cakes.   sCM   helps   Regis   cakes   to   optimise   its   logistics, ensure   the   flow   of   raw   materials   and   products,   and   reduce   transportation   and inventory    costs.    It      assists      the      company      in      achieving      efficient      inventory      control,   ensuring    that    sufficient    raw    materials    are    always      available,    which    greatly      av代 写BML302 Developing an Information Strategy Assessment 2
代做程序编程语言oids   product      surpluses      and      shortages.SCM    provides    visibility       into    the       supply       chain,   allowing    Regis    cakes      to    track      the      entire      supply      chain      and      respond      to      potential   problems and risks.Regis   cakes   can   use   the   SRM   system   to   evaluate   the   performance,   reliability   and   reputation of   its   suppliers to help   select   suppliers   and ensure a   stable   relationship   with   high-quality   suppliers.   When   dealing   with   risk   management,   SRM   helps   to   identify   and      manage      the      risks       associated      with       supplier       relationships,       such       as       supply   disruptions, quality, and   so   on.By   integrating   SCM/SRM   system, Regis   cakes helps to   share   different   information   in   different   processes,   which   also   greatly   improves   the   overall   efficiency,   reduces   the   cost   and   increases   the   reliability   of   product   delivery.
OMS According      to      the      above,      improving      the      website      to      enable      order      tracking      and   modification is better achievable oms. the OMS system   can   automate   order processing   realizes   the   automation   of the   order   processing   process,   reduces   manual   operations,   and   reduces   perceived   errors.   This   improves   the   accuracy   of   order   processing   and
increases   the   speed   of   order   processing,   which   reduces   delivery   time   and   improvescustomer    satisfaction.   Regis      Cakes   better    implementation    of   oms    system,    need    to   understand   the   company's   existing   order   management   process,   identify   the   need   to   improve the   link   and   specific needs. According to   the   company's   needs   and budget   to   choose   the   right    oms    system    provider,    if   Regis    cakes    has    a    strong    it    technology   department      can      do    their       own      oms      system.      Integrate    the       oms      system    with       the   company's   existing   erp,   crm   and   other   systems,   so   as to   ensure the   smoothness   of   the   data.      Implementing      oms      system      Regis      cakes      company      can      improve      inventory   management,    more    accurate    forecasting    demand      optimization    replenishment.      oms   system   enhances   customer   service,   consumers   through   the   oms   system   can   check   the   status    of    the    order      in      real      time,      improve      customer      experience      and      satisfaction,   management    personnel    are    also    able    to      quickly      access      to      the      order      information,   improve   efficiency.   oms   system   reduces   the   cost   of   labor   and   reduces   the   cost   of   inventory.    The    automated    process    reduces   manual    operations,    thus    reducing    labor   costs.   By   optimizing   inventory   management,   it   reduces   the   capital   consumption   and   savings      costs      associated    with    the       emergence       of    inventory.      Enhance      operational   efficiency    and   customer    satisfaction    at   Regis      cakes   by    implementing    oms    system.   Thus increasing the business and competitive advantage of   the   company.
IT service management system 
The business will   also require   some kind   of IT   service management   system   for the   IT   support   team   to   use.”   IT   service   management   (ITSM)   is   the   practice   of   planning,implementing,   managing   and   optimizing   information   technology   services   to   meet   the      needs of   end users and help organizations achieve their business   goals” (website IBM). The   it   service   management   system   (ITSM)   helps   Regis   cakes   set   up   and   manage   a      service   desk   to   handle   technical   support   requests   between   employees   and   customers.      When   dealing   with   it   systems   ITSM   can   quickly   track   problems   with   it   systems   and      resolve them in a timely manner, improving   the   efficiency   of   problem   solving   through      a    systematic    approach.    Thus,    Regis      cakes      can      better      organize      and      manage      its      it      services    through    ITSM,      improve      service      levels      and      reduce    risks      to      support      the      company's goals and improve overall performance.
Infrastructure Infrastructure   in   Regis   cakes   is   an   important   part   of supporting   business   operations,   which   includes   hardware,   software,   networks,   etc.   A   strong   it   department   needs   to   have   good   infrastructure,    servers,    storage    is   to   provide    a    solid    foundation    for    the   business   systems.Regis   cakes   can   make   use   of   cloud   computing   services,   facilities   strong    security    infrastructure    such      as      firewalls,      anti-virus      software,      anti-intrusion   detection    systems,    etc.   to    ensure   that   the    company's    data    and    systems    are    secure.   Through          comprehensive          management          and          continuous             optimisation          of          the   infrastructure   Regis   cakes   can   improve   the   stability,   reliability   and   security   of   the   business   and   ensure   that   the   infrastructure   is   able   to   support   business   growth   and
innovation.
Architecture The   architecture   of   Regis   cakes takes   into   account the   different   levels   of architecture,   including    information    technology,   business   process    architecture,    etc.    The    business   system   architecture   of Regis   cakes   includes   an   order management   system,   a   CRM,   an   inventory   management   system,   etc.   to   ensure   the   efficiency   of   the   process   and   the   excellence      of      the      customer      experience.    the      hardware      infrastructure      and      software   architecture    of   Regis    cakes    are    part    of   the    total    architecture    of   Regis    cakes.    The   hardware infrastructure and   software   architecture of   Regis cakes   are part   of   its   overall   architecture    to    ensure    the    overall    stability    and    maintainability      of    the    system.    By   analysing    the       architecture,      it      is    possible    to       gain       a    better    understanding       of    the   foundation   of Regis   cakes'   IT   and   business   operations,   providing   scientific   guidance   for efficiency and future   growth.
IS organization, management  processes 
Typically a medium-sized company has a ratio of   1:8 to   1:34   employees to IT employees.   Since Regis cakes wants to
create a larger it department, Regis cakes   aims to   have   30   lt


employees within 3 years. The   diagram on the left   shows   the      it employees' suggestions for the layout of   the   it   department.         The entire it department has a chief   technology   officer (CTO)
as the overall leader. An it director has two lt department managers working   for him.
One will act as support manager for the three   support   gangs   as well   as being
responsible for any existing it help and   maintenance.   The remaining   one is   the         systems manager who will have two team members who will be responsible for   system changes such as new systems   or upgrading   existing   systems.
Governance Establishing   the   correct   business   relationship   and   governance   model   at   all   levels   is   crucial   for   strategic   success.   It   is   essential   to   establish   a project board   to   manage   the   Information    Strategy.    The    aim    of   project    management    is    to      deliver    the      specified   requirements   at   the necessary   quality   and within the   designated   time   and budget.   The   project   board   should   be   led   by   both   business   and   IT.   A project   manager   is   essential,   and   specific   IT   roles   must   be   in   place   for   this   to   occur.   Regis   cakes   should   consider   using   ITIL.   ITIL provides   “best   practice”   guidelines   and   architectures   to   ensure   that   IT processes   are   closely   aligned to business processes   and that   IT   delivers   the   correct   and   appropriate business   solutions.   One   of the   main   objectives   of ITIL   is   to   assist   IT   service   provider   organizations    in   order   to   improve   IT   efficiency    and    effectiveness   whilst   improving   the   overall   quality   of   service   to   the   business   within   imposed   cost   constraints.
Prioritised high-level plan of activity 
The   proposed   total   length   of the   project   is   three   years,   and   these   new   systems   will
help the business   achieve   its   goal   of growing profitability by   2 per   cent   per   year.   The
company's   senior   management   has   decided   that   the   it   team   will   be   recruited   withinseven   months,   taking   into   account   the   advertising   as   well   as   the   interview   process.   Within   the   next   two   months   the   it   team   will   introduce   the   systems   they   need,   e.g.,   financials,    order    tracking      system,      etc.      One    month      to      investigate      and      define      the   underlying   operational   processes,   once   this   is   done   it   will   be   handed   over   to   the   it   support   team   who   will   have   160   days   to   facility   the   SOE,   build   and   roll   out   the   new   hardware.   At   this   point   the   change   team   start   to   develop   the   ERP   environment,   they   will    start   the   basic    environment    from    30    days,   MRP,    SCM    will   take    130    days    to   complete,   this   should   be   similar   to   the   it   support   team   completing   the   SOE   facility.   The   support team   starts   introducing the MRP system   and   at   the   same   time   the   change   team   is    developing   the   CRM,    once   the   CRM    is    complete   they   will    start   the   new   website   which   is   estimated   to   take   two   months   to   complete,   this   should   probably   be   completed   similar to the MRP and   SCM   facilities. The   change team   and   support   team   will   spend   nearly   four   months   implementing   the   SCM/SRM   system   and   CRM,   once   completed the new website with order tracking functionality will   be added.
Approach to change management Organizational   change   refers   broadly   to   the   actions   a   business   takes   to   change   or   adjust a   significant   component of   its organization. This   may   include   company   culture,   internal   processes,   underlying   technology   or   infrastructure,    corporate   hierarchy,    or   another critical aspect. (Kelsey M   2020)
RISK There   will   always   be   an   element   of risk   in   a   project   and   it   is   important   to   consider   these   risks   as   well   as   risk   avoidance.   Investment   appraisal   should   be   done   in   such   a   way as to provide a realistic assessment of   costs, benefits and risks.l Technical    challenges       in    completing       a    project    can      lead      to      delays      or      quality   problems.   Regis   cakes   To   hedge   against   the   risk   one   should   allow   sufficient   buffer   time      in    the    project    plan,      especially      if    new      technologies       are    involved.      Conduct   technical    assessments    and      prototyping      before      the      project      begins      to      identify      and   resolve potential problems in a timely manner.l Project takes   longer than   anticipated. A detailed project   plan   (Gantt   chart)   should   be produced. This needs to be monitored by the project   team.   Any   concerns   should   be   discussed with action taken.l Increased   resource   costs    due   to   inaccurate   cost   estimates   may   result   in   project   budget   overruns.   The   risk   is   avoided by.   Develop   a   detailed budget plan,   including   it   RD    costs,    resource      costs,      etc.,      and      conduct    regular      cost      audits      to      ensure      the   economic   viability   of   the   project.
Budget analysis Manufacturing   companies   spend   an   average   of   1.4%-3.2%   of   their   revenue   on   IT.   since regis cakes   is   a business that   is going   to have   a   huge   it   department,   we will   take   the   bigger   figure   and   say   that   their   IT   budget   should   be   £300,000   at   the   moment,
increasing   to   £600,000   if   they   hit   their   revenue   target   of   £25m.   If   the   Regis   cakesfollows    the    proposed    solution,    the    initial    investment    would    be      £51,005      (with      an   annual   running   cost   of £384,418.   Obviously   this   is   more   than   the   recommended   IT   budget for the first year, but the costs for subsequent years   should be within budget!
Conclusion Recommendations In conclusion, it is clear that   Regis   cakes   will   have   to   overhaul   their   IT   if   they   want   to   be   successful. Their current   strategy. However, the business must   ensure   that   they   will   gain   the   knowledge   to   do   this   before   they   attempt   it.   It   is   also   important   that   the   business   ensures   that   they   control   this   effectively,   if   the   change   is   rejected   by   the
employees, the business will struggle to achieve the goals it has   set   out to   achieve.




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
